How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    The new version ,when compared with the older one using the diff -u command compares the files line by line and helps us to get the difference betwee them on each line basis.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    By having a ready access to the entire history of a file i will get a better idea of the making that has been invoked and can re evaluate my own ideas later.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

firstly,git gives us a independence to commit when we feel like .Secondly,goosle docs saves content of a file one by one automatically whereas in git we can save parts of same version and can complete at our own pace.Git is available offline but google docs is not.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is mainly used for software development and computer sciency stuff and we know that in computer science we need to track multiple files simulataneously to achieve a goal for ex.Html and css and script files.This is the reason for which i think git allows us to commit multiple files under one commit and thus helps in

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log is used to track all the changes done in a file over the time period and git diff is used to get the difference between specific two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    With version-control i am getting a control over my mistakes and a chance to edit my creation at different levels.Hence i think using version control provides me chance to take little baby-steps to bulid a code and make something meaningful.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I will like to use git for making different versions of any html file and then modifying them one by one to get the best out of them.